**Questions for Josh**
* Intersection vs signal (is it safe to treat them as 1-1)
* Timing types and flags in version history
* Controller actions & controls
* Controller time controls & synchronization
* Events & alerts

## Change history

* Some DB changes are more critical/impactful than others - e.g. red/yellow changes are important. It would be good to be able to quickly see these types of changes. We intended to address this with the `Types of Changes` column in the page change history, where we detect what was actually changes.
* There was a situation where they had to change all their IO because of new equipment. Independent of this, they did a bunch of timing changes. It would be useful to have the following functionality: Take this version (detection changes) and this version (timing changes) and merge them. E.g.:
	* Anything that is in the IO, I want to take
	* Anything that is in phase timings, I want to take
	* Everything else, I want to ignore
* What does Josh mean by "version timing"?
	* Reason for change
* Version timing
	* Does it make sense for "version timing" to be mandatory?
		* ...
	* "Construction timing" would need have subcategories
	* Handling incidents: No need to change the DB, just assign a timing plan (e.g. 52) which is used for that type of incidents (similar to Matt and Concord)
	* Timing vs version:
		* When Josh makes a change, he will call it "timing" even if he didn't change timing-related parameters.
		* Version: Why does this changeset exist?
			* Active
			* Working
			* Archived
			* ...
		* Josh would like to differentiate major milestones vs small changes
			* Milestone: a changeset that is here to stay permanently
			* E.g. retiming an intersection: "This intersection needs "
		* **Recommended structure by Josh** (see [[db_timeline.png]]):
			* Type of change: Permanent/Temp
			* Reason for change: Retiming/...
			* Notes: (free form)
	* **My takeaway: When talking about "version types", Josh talked about multiple dimensions**
		* Active/working/archived
		* Milestone/not milestone
		* Construction/detour/...
	* Draft review/comments/approval process would be handy. **We should prioritize it in our backlog since it may not require much validation.**
	* **Idea: Besides rows, we could show a timeline diagram (see [[db_timeline.png]])**
* Ideas for "Page change history" wording
	* "timeline"