**Questions for Matt**
* Intersection vs signal (is it safe to treat them as 1-1)
* Timing types and flags in version history
* Controller actions & controls
* Controller time controls & synchronization
* Events & alerts

## Timing types and flags in version history

* Reverts are not a common thing (contradicts Josh)
* Coming up with flags for all different use cases might become overwhelming
* "Live" vs "non-live (detached)" working versions. Sometimes you want someone's changes to apply to everyone's working version.
	* "Live" would be like Google Doc
	* "Non-live" would be the way we have it now (everyone has their own working version)

### My takeaways
* It is not obvious that "Page change history" only displays information from the field. We may need to change the wording to indicate that "Page change history" refers to the field.
* It seems that flags and structure is more applicable to "Page working versions"
* Even something like "resolve mismatches" makes sense in "Page working versions"

## Intersection vs signal

* Kinetic requires you to add a "location". And then you add a Signal/CCTV/... to that "location"
	* Matt doesn't like that. He wants to treat e.g. Signal and CCTV as separate entities that happen to be at the same location.
	* It is a matter of a preference

### My takeaways
* We should treat intersection/location and signal as separate entities in the backend
	* This gives us flexibility.
	* We can choose whether to couple them in the UI (e.g. in the "add signal" form)

### Ideas
* Adding "external" devices: You add it to our entity tree, but it is just a link to another software.

## Controller actions & controls
* Example actions:
	* Instantly set a timing plan
	* Instantly set a coord pattern
	* Place a call to a phase
	* Set time
	* Advance (make the signal move forward in the sequence/ring)
		* Thing to keep in mind: Sometimes you have leading/lagging turns. So, instead of going from 2+5 to 1+6, advance would need to go from 2+5 to 2+6 before going to 1+6. But this is up to controller to handle, we should just tell it to "advance" to whatever is next.
* Matt would prefer to have a widget per action/control instead of having a single widget for all controls

## Controller time controls & synchronization
* Usually there is a local NTP on the network within the TMC
* Kubic uses the server time. So, you need to ensure that your server's time is accurate.